# vci_website
This is my VCI corp's webpage as generated by ChatGPT.

## learn how to collaborate with others in Github
first off, I learned that I couldn't create a branch protection rule without first upgrading my github account to Github Team or Enterprise organization account.
now I have to convert my vci_website repo public to be able to lab this part - this is how: I signed in to my zhuzij github account and went to Settings/Danger Zone, clicked Change visibility.
I then added main branch protection rule to require pull request for merge into the main branch.

## The branch protection rule got bypassed:
PS D:\git_projects\learn_git> git commit -m "documented making zhuzij/vci_website public for practicing collaboration"
[main 01100d0] documented making zhuzij/vci_website public for practicing collaboration
 1 file changed, 4 insertions(+), 1 deletion(-)
PS D:\git_projects\learn_git> git push
Enumerating objects: 5, done.
Counting objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (3/3), 688 bytes | 229.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 3 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
## remote: Bypassed rule violations for refs/heads/main:
remote:
remote: - Changes must be made through a pull request.
remote:
To https://github.com/zhuzij/vci_website.git
   6c08e5d..01100d0  main -> main

I since added zhuzij2 as a collaborator and it remains bypassing my git push to main???!
I'd need to properly sync my secondary account local repo with remote repo.

I'm still trying to test pull request as the previous one was done using zhuzij credential.